README-te4.md, before:

= Reformat Item Description (non-intrusive) =

This extension reformats item description text so the keys in <code>key: value</code> lines align, improving readability.

Unlike some similar addons, this one is non-intrusive and does not modify the original description code.

Hold the <kbd>Alt</kbd> key while hovering over an item to view the original, unformatted description.

[[Image:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cmtjk/tome-reformat-item-description/refs/heads/master/img/tome-reformat-item-description.png|750px]]

== Notes ==

* This plugin increases the item tooltip width by 50%.
* Properties with keys longer than 25 characters are not reformatted, to prevent excessive wrapping.

Contributions, bug reports, and improvements are welcome: [https://github.com/cmtjk/tome-reformat-item-description GitHub repository]

== Version history ==
<code>
1.0.2
- Revert tooltip width to default, apply 50% width increase to item tooltips only.

1.0.1
- Remove additional empty line when description starts with section headers.
- Make 'ALT' behave like 'CTRL' when pressed and released.

1.0.0
- Initial commit of 'tome-reformat-item-description'.
</code>

Commit message:

CTRL and ALT now work together

README-te4.md, after:

= Reformat Item Description (non-intrusive) =

This extension reformats item description text so the keys in <code>key: value</code> lines align, improving readability.

Unlike some similar addons, this one is non-intrusive and does not modify the original description code.

Hold the <kbd>Alt</kbd> key while hovering over an item to view the original, unformatted description.

[[Image:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cmtjk/tome-reformat-item-description/refs/heads/master/img/tome-reformat-item-description.png|750px]]

== Notes ==

* This plugin increases the item tooltip width by 50%.
* Properties with keys longer than 25 characters are not reformatted, to prevent excessive wrapping.

Contributions, bug reports, and improvements are welcome: [https://github.com/cmtjk/tome-reformat-item-description GitHub repository]

== Version history ==
<code>
1.0.3
 - 'CTRL' and 'ALT' modifiers now work together, allowing simultaneous toggling of compare and reformatted text.

1.0.2
- Revert tooltip width to default, apply 50% width increase to item tooltips only.

1.0.1
- Remove additional empty line when description starts with section headers.
- Make 'ALT' behave like 'CTRL' when pressed and released.

1.0.0
- Initial commit of 'tome-reformat-item-description'.
</code>
