README-steam.md, before:

[h1]Reformat Item Description (non-intrusive)[/h1]

This plugin reformats item description text so the keys in [i]key: value[/i] lines align, improving readability.

Unlike some similar addons, this one is non-intrusive and does not modify the original description code.

Hold the [i]Alt[/i] key while hovering over an item to view the original, unformatted description.

[b]Note:[/b]
[list]
    [*]This plugin increases the item tooltip width by 50%.
    [*]Properties with keys longer than 25 characters are not reformatted, to prevent excessive wrapping.
[/list]

Contributions, bug reports, and improvements are welcome at https://github.com/cmtjk/tome-reformat-item-description.

[h2]Version History[/h2]
[code]
1.0.2
- Revert tooltip width to default, apply 50% width increase to item tooltips only.

1.0.1
- Remove additional empty line when description starts with section headers.
- Make 'ALT' behave like 'CTRL' when pressed and released.

1.0.0
- Initial commit of 'tome-reformat-item-description'.
[/code]

Commit message:

CTRL and ALT now work together

README-steam.md, after:

[h1]Reformat Item Description (non-intrusive)[/h1]

This plugin reformats item description text so the keys in [i]key: value[/i] lines align, improving readability.

Unlike some similar addons, this one is non-intrusive and does not modify the original description code.

Hold the [i]Alt[/i] key while hovering over an item to view the original, unformatted description.

[b]Note:[/b]
[list]
    [*]This plugin increases the item tooltip width by 50%.
    [*]Properties with keys longer than 25 characters are not reformatted, to prevent excessive wrapping.
[/list]

Contributions, bug reports, and improvements are welcome at https://github.com/cmtjk/tome-reformat-item-description.

[h2]Version History[/h2]
[code]
1.0.3
 - 'CTRL' and 'ALT' modifiers now work together, allowing simultaneous toggling of compare and reformatted text.

1.0.2
- Revert tooltip width to default, apply 50% width increase to item tooltips only.

1.0.1
- Remove additional empty line when description starts with section headers.
- Make 'ALT' behave like 'CTRL' when pressed and released.

1.0.0
- Initial commit of 'tome-reformat-item-description'.
[/code]
